New pages for new functions (#221)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/isTimedOut.md

# $isTimedOut

> Returns whether the user is timed out or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns "true" if the user is timed out, otherwise "false".
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```
$isTimedOut[User ID]
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Parameters
- `User ID`: The user to check for.

```

## Example
```
$nomention
User is timed out: $isTimedOut[$mentioned[1]]
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# $isTimedOut
Returns whether the user is timed out or not.

## Usage
```

> $isTimedOut[user ID]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$isTimedOut[User ID]
```

```

## Example
```
$nomention
User is timed out: $isTimedOut[$mentioned[1]]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94063167/198900738-ed1059b6-0d73-4e97-8669-40c770281e51.png)

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
